Completing the Postfix part of the assignment was not too difficult (which makes sense, since postfix notation is very easy to deal with using an ArrayDeque). 

For the ParseException part, I had some trouble understanding the relationship between "try...catch" blocks and throwing the exception, but I talked to Paola Calle and she helped me understand a way to throw the exception properly (i.e. putting my postfix calculator code into one big try...catch block, and throwing ParseExceptions at different points within the try block).

The infix part of the project was much more difficult, but once I drew out some examples of the shunting-yard algorithm in action I was able to code a method that translated infix notation to postfix. I read in the instructions that technically operations like "+" or "(" where of type Character, not String, but with the way the Scanner and SYMBOL variable was set up, it was much easier for me to treat the operators in the output queue as Strings, not Characters; figuring out the rest of the infix calculator had already taken a lot of time and brain power.

The most difficult part of programming my Calculator class was figuring out how to take the outputQ LinkedList and use my Postfix code to calculate the result; I knew using instanceof would be needed, but I wasn't sure if I needed to convert the LinkedList into any other data structure. Then, I saw people mentioning ListIterator in Slack, so I looked it up and decided to use that because it seemed to be the most effective strategy (I'm pretty sure I used it properly?). 

If I had more time, I would have made more methods so that I didn't have as much repeated code, especially between my calcPostfix() method in my Calculator class, and the main part of my Postfix class; it's almost the exact same code, so I feel like there must be a more efficient way to do that.

I tried to throw ParseExceptions wherever I thought the program would run into problems, especially for mismatched parentheses. I'm not sure if I caught all the places where mismatched parentheses would cause problems, but I tried my best and tried to test thoroughly. The main problem I missed was in the case of when the user input is a letter, or just a space; in those cases, my Postfix class throws a NullPointerException when trying to check if the stack is empty, while my Calculator class throws a ParseException. I am still not sure why the two classes handle these cases differently. 

Also, because of how I organized my Calculator class, my program throws a ParseException right when I first run my code (since I have not typed anything into the console yet); the Calculator still works though, so I figured it's okay that an exception is thrown in the beginning. Would this be considered bad coding practice (to have an exception occurr before you ever got the chance to input anything)?